We were sleeping in our house, in the house, and we heard
the bombing. Everything was falling on us. The whole house was falling.
Our bodies took us and we went to the hospital. We sat
at night in fear, fear, fear of total destruction, fear. It was a
dream that a football player appeared.
Then we rushed because of the missiles. We took our eyes,
and we took the
good things that we use every day, and
we took our toys.  I wish that when I grow up, I will become a doctor
to help make people happy and wiser. I miss
school, coming for exams, my books, my notebooks,
my bag, school supplies, and my bag that I used to
prepare for school every day. I was upset about
school. I was one of the top performers and I was in the top five. I was
very active in school and I was afraid when
I heard missiles every time.  I heard the voice of Akh talking about
my mother. I wanted to take with me the stories
and novels that I love so much,
God willing, when we returned home,
all of them. I complained to my friends because I don’t know
how many of them there are such
martyrs.
I was sad for them when I heard
their news.
Her destiny thinking about themes her
chance to
esc life
[music]
is
l